technotes: add notices about self-hosted being an enterprise feature (#289)
apollographql/docs: src/content/technotes/TN0003-opentelemetry-traces-to-prometheus.mdx

tags: [server, observability]
---

> > Self-hosted Apollo Router is available for Enterprise GraphOS accounts. For a managed solution, see the [Serverless and Dedicated GraphOS plans](https://www.apollographql.com/pricing) with cloud routing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Self-hosting the Apollo Router is limited to Apollo Enterprise plans. Other plan types use [managed cloud routing with GraphOS](/graphos/routing/cloud/).
>
> [Learn about Apollo plans.](https://www.apollographql.com/pricing/)
```
